---
layout: plain
title: Privacy Policy
---

This Policy was last updated as of June 2022
Purpose of the Policy
Noora Health (“NH”) is committed to protecting the privacy of users of the website located at noorahealth.org or any website owned, operated, licensed or controlled by us (collectively, the “Website”). This Privacy Policy describes how we gather and use information about visitors to our Website (“Visitors”). This Privacy Policy applies solely to the information that we collect through the Website. This Privacy Policy does not address personal information that you provide to us in other contexts (e.g., education services or business relationships not handled through the Website).
Acceptance of Privacy Policy
By using the Website, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to the terms of this Privacy Policy means that you accept these changes.
How Do We Collect Your Personal Information?
You may visit our Website without telling us anything about yourself. If you contact us or donate, and choose to provide through forms, emails, or other messages, personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address (“Personal Information”), we may use your Personal Information as described in the “How Do We Use Your Personal Information” section.
From time to time, our Website may be configured to collect domain, usage, and other analytics through tools provided by third party analytics companies, such as Google Analytics. This data enables us to become more familiar with which users visit our site, how often they visit and what parts of the site they visit most often. NH uses this information to improve our Website. Information collected may include your internet protocol address, operating system, browser type, internet service provider, aggregate user data, browser type, software and hardware attributes, pages you request, and cookie information, etc.
We may receive information about you from other sources — including publicly available databases or third parties we obtained data from — and combine this with information we already have about you. This helps us to update, expand, and analyze our records, identify people who may want to know more about our work, and provide you with information we think would be of interest.
Web Server Logs and IP Addresses – As described above, NH may use Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses to conduct Website analyses and performance reviews and to administer the Website. An IP address is a number that automatically identifies the computer or device you have used to access the Internet. The IP address enables our server to send you the web pages that you want to visit, and it may disclose the server owned by your Internet Service Provider.
Cookies and Web Beacons – Periodically, some pages on this Website may use “cookies,” which are small files that the site places on your hard drive for identification purposes. These files are used for site registration and customization the next time you visit us. You should note that cookies cannot read data off of your hard drive. Your web browser may allow you to be notified when you are receiving a cookie, giving you the choice to accept it or not. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser. By not accepting cookies, some pages may not fully function and you may not be able to access certain information on this Website. Information that we collect through cookies includes (i) the name and version of the operating system on the Visitor’s computer, (ii) the name and version of the Visitor’s browser, (iii) which page on the Site the Visitor is currently reading, as well as clicks and time spent on a particular page, (iv) if the Visitor was sent to the current page by some other page on the web, the universal resource locator (“URL”) of the referring web page, and (v) geolocation of the Visitor’s computer or device. Some of the Website’s pages may use web beacons in conjunction with cookies to compile aggregate statistics about Website usage. A web beacon is an electronic image (also referred to as an “action tag,” “single-pixel,” or “clear GIF”) that is commonly used to track the traffic patterns of users from one web page to another in order to maximize web traffic flow and to otherwise analyze the effectiveness of the Website. Some web beacons may be unusable if you elect to reject their associated cookies. By accessing and using the Website, you expressly consent to the storage of cookies, other local storage technologies, beacons, or other information on your computer or devices. You also consent to the access of such cookies, local storage technologies, beacons, and information by us.
How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
If you choose to provide us with Personal Information by completing a form on the Website or emailing us, we may use that Personal Information and may share it with other organizations, companies and/or individuals (e.g., our partners, consultants, and service providers) for the purpose for which you submitted it to us, such as to respond to your inquiry or to provide you with information that you requested. We may also use the information to promote, and to solicit support for, our services and activities. We may also share your information with our partners, consultants, and service providers that assist us in providing, and obtaining support for our services and activities. These uses may include (i) responding to your question or request, (ii) communicating with you about our organization via mail, telephone, email, or other electronic communications, (iii) notifying you of changes to this Privacy Policy.  
If you do not wish to receive unsolicited emails or other communications from us, you may contact us by email at info@noorahealth.org, or by mail at Noora Health, 2443 Fillmore Street, #380-3203, San Francisco, California, 94115, USA and request that we stop sending communications to you.  
We will only use your Personal Information when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your Personal Information in the following circumstances:
Where you have requested information from NH about its services.
Where we need to perform the agreement or transaction, such as a donation, we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) to provide our services, and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation, such as a court order or a reporting requirement.
If you have used the Website to seek employment or a volunteer position with NH or its affiliates, you may have submitted (through the Website or otherwise) personally identifiable information. This might include your name, address, telephone number, email address, and any other personally identifiable information requested in online or offline forms, as well as an electronic or paper copy of your resume/CV. No information stored or submitted in such forms will be used for any purpose other than to assess your qualifications as an employee or volunteer for NH or its affiliates, or to meet our legal obligations.
Note that we may process your Personal Information for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. If you are based outside the United States, please note that the Personal Information that you provide through the Website may be received in or transferred to the United States and other countries outside of the European Union for the benefit of NH and third parties engaged by NH to assist in operation of the Website or to provide a service to you. By using the Website, you expressly agree to the transfer of the Personal Information to the United States and other countries outside of the European Union.
Do We Disclose Any Personal Information to Outside Parties?
Unless you expressly give us permission to do so, NH will not sell or rent your Personal Information other than as specified in this Privacy Policy.
Disclosures to Third Parties Assisting in Our Operations – NH may share your Personal Information under confidentiality agreements with other organizations that work with, or on behalf of, NH to provide services. These organizations may use your Personal Information to assist NH in its operations and impact. However, these organizations do not have any independent right to share this information.
Disclosures Under Special Circumstances – We may provide information about you to respond to court orders, legal process or governmental regulations, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. In such circumstances, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the requester understands the sensitive nature of the Personal Information that they may receive.
Aggregated Data – NH collects aggregate queries for internal reporting and also counts, tracks, and aggregates visitor activity into NH’s analysis of general traffic- flow at the Website. To these ends, NH may merge information about you into aggregated group data. In some cases, NH may remove personal identifiers from Personal Information and maintain it in aggregate form that may later be combined with other information to generate anonymous, aggregated statistical information. Such anonymous, group data may be shared on an aggregated basis with NH’s affiliates, business partners, service providers and/or vendors; if it does so, NH will not disclose your individual identity.
Security
The security of your data is very important to NH. We have implemented appropriate security measures intended to prevent your Personal Information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. However, you should know that no web site operator, including NH, can fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information. While NH has endeavored to create a secure and reliable website for users, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to/from the Website or via e-mail cannot be guaranteed. If you wish to keep communications secure, contact Noora Health by mail at 2443 Fillmore St., #380-3203, San Francisco, California, 94115, USA.
Children’s Privacy Protection
Under Age 13 – NH understands the importance of protecting children’s privacy in the interactive online world. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”), the Website is not designed for, or intentionally targeted at, children under 13 years of age. It is not our policy to intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13. No one under the age of 13 should submit any Personal Information to NH or the Website. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with this information without consent, we will use our best efforts to remove it from our files. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that a child under 13 has provided such information to us, they should contact us by email at info@noorahealth.org or by mail at Noora Health, 2443 Fillmore Street, #380-3203, San Francisco, California, 94115, USA.
Under Age 18 – Minors under 18 years of age may have the Personal Information that they have provided to NH through the Website deleted by sending an email to info@noorahealth.org requesting deletion. Please note that, while we make reasonable efforts to comply with such requests, deletion of your personal information does not ensure complete and comprehensive removal of that data from all systems.
Updating Your Information
If you wish to stop receiving emails or other communications from us, or if you have submitted Personal Information through our Website and would like that information deleted from our records, please notify us at info@noorahealth.org or at Noora Health, 2443 Fillmore St., #380-3203, San Francisco, California, 94115, USA. Please note that we reserve the right not to remove or amend information provided to us regarding any information where necessary to meet our obligations or that we are otherwise required to retain by law or regulation, or if it is infeasible to do so.
Links to Third Party Websites
As a convenience to our Visitors, this Website may contain links to other websites. The terms of usage and other conditions of use posted on those sites, including any privacy policy, and not the policies and procedures we described here, apply to those websites. Your linking to any other websites is at your own risk, Noora Health is not responsible for any information collected through the third party websites, and you are responsible for learning about and complying with the terms of usage and other conditions posted on those websites.
Noora Health is not responsible for any of the content provided on third party websites, and makes no representations as to such content or accuracy. All information, products, advertisements, and to other content contained in third party sites are neither approved nor endorsed by Noora Health, and Noora Health is not responsible for such information, products, advertisements and other content.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time as we add new features and services, as laws change, and as industry privacy and security best practices evolve. We display an effective date on the policy at the beginning of this Privacy Policy so that it will be easier for you to know when there has been a change. If we make any change to this Privacy Policy regarding use or disclosure of Personal Information, we will provide advance notice on the Website. Small changes or changes that do not significantly affect individual privacy interests may be made at any time and without prior notice.
For Additional Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Website, or your dealings with this Website, please contact info@noorahealth.org, or write to us at Noora Health, 2443 Fillmore Street, #380-3203, San Francisco, California, 94115, USA.
